feat(jest): expose `Config` type from `jest` (#12848)
facebook/jest: docs/Configuration.md

:::note

Keep in mind that the resulting configuration object must always be JSON-serializable.

:::

The configuration file should simply export an object:

<Tabs groupId="examples">
<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```js
/** @type {import('jest').Config} */
const config = {
  verbose: true,
};

module.exports = config;
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="ts" label="TypeScript">

```ts
import type {Config} from 'jest';

const config: Config = {
  verbose: true,
};

export default config;
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Or a function returning an object:

<Tabs groupId="examples">
<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```js
/** @returns {Promise<import('jest').Config>} */
module.exports = async () => {
  return {
    verbose: true,
  };
};
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="ts" label="TypeScript">

```ts
import type {Config} from 'jest';

export default async (): Promise<Config> => {
  return {
    verbose: true,
  };
};
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::tip

> To read TypeScript configuration files Jest requires [`ts-node`](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-node). Make sure it is installed in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read TypeScript configuration files Jest requires [`ts-node`](https://npmjs.com/package/ts-node). Make sure it is installed in your project.
```
